TOPIC
    about_MSI

DESCRIPTION
    Exposes Windows Installer functionality to PowerShell, providing means to
    query installed product and patch information and to query views on
    packages.


VARIABLES
    MsiAttributeColumnFormat
        The format specification string to alter how attributes are displayed.

        Valid values are:

        -- G:   Displays the integer value. This is the default.
        -- X:   Displays the hexadecimal integer value.
        -- F:   Displays one or more names for well-known attribute types.

ONLINE
    https://psmsi.codeplex.com/documentation

LICENSE
    https://psmsi.codeplex.com/license

HISTORY
    See http://psmsi.codeplex.com/releases for up-to-date information.

	2.3.0
		This release adds support for per-machine installs of the module.
		Administrators may choose this option for enterprise deployment
		or to make the module available to remote sessions.

		Several performance enhancements were made in addition to bug fixes:
		-- PSPath property for components only resolves full path when used.
		-- Export-MSIPatchXml no longer requires full path to patch MSP.
		-- Get-MSITable can apply patch MSPs to not-installed product MSIs.

		Piping components to Get-ChildItem now also works correctly for
		file system and registry key paths. To support this behavior, a
		KeyPath property was added that contains the non-transformed path
		previously contained within the PSPath property.

	2.2.1
		This release is a servicing issue and fixes various issues, notably:
		-- Returns the correct 32- or 64-bit registry path.
		-- Module can correctly be loaded into PowerShell v2.
		-- Older versions of Orca are now supported.
		-- The Record property adapter is now case-insensitive.

		The Get-MSITable cmdlet now also supports applying patches in
		sequence order and transforms.

    2.2.0
        This release adds many new cmdlets from the past release, including
        cmdlets to select records from a table or custom query, run ICEs on a
        package, and install, repair, or uninstall packages. The install,
        repair, and uninstall cmdlets also display progress, warning, and
        error information. Some issues were fixed as well.

        The snap-in installer has been removed in favor of the module
        installer - a per-user install that will upgrade any previous version.
        You may also install the package to a per-machine location, though
        elevation is required. This will make the module accessible to any
        host for any user on the machine.
